My name is Diane.
I am the mother of a grade eight student
here at River Valley Middle School.
I've sat on the PSC
for about three years now,
and I've been on the home in school
since my son was in grade one.
Yeah, I'm here to talk about the community
collaboration and how important it is
for schools and communities
to collaborate together and have that open
dialog and have be very transparent
with each other.
I feel that it's very important
for communities and, and educators
to come together and work together,
because we're not silos.
We we have the kids.
We both have the kids.
So we need to work together
and even the community members
that maybe don't have kids in the school
are affected by the school somehow.
And the school is
in fact affected by the community as well.
So having the community involved in every,
every aspect of everything
that the school does and having the school
involved in every aspect of the community
is beneficial not only for our teachers
and our staff and our, community members,
but also for our children.
Because when a community
comes behind a child,
the child can grow
and become a stronger person overall.
And when the when the child sees
the community show up for them,
they're more willing to help out.
They're more willing to
try a little bit harder.
And they are.
Don't feel sad
if mom or dad can't show up.
They know that their community
is behind them either way.
If parents wanted to get involved at home
in school, they they really should.
Their children
come home with a crumpled ball of paper.
And you're trying to read
what that crumpled ball of paper says.
Have to contact the school.
But if they're involved within the school,
you already know
what's coming up, and you can assist
with those things that are coming up.
And same with the school being involved
in the community and with the parents.
Having that transptransparent
open line of communication helps
with, ensuring that the,
the community is aligned ahead of time.
So if something's coming down the pipeline
that the district may be sending down,
if the the community champions
know about it, then they can spread it
within the community
and make sure it's received positively,
rather than that negative surprise.
And then just being involved
helps with everything.
We have our funding coming up
and we have our all of our PSC members are
also they also sit on our home in school
and they're volunteering for Fun Day.
And so they get to see
all of the hard work and all of the
everything that goes into building
the child into the celebration.
And, having many volunteers
helps give the teachers a moment
to celebrate themselves as well and ensure
that everyone is being celebrated
at the same time and having fun
and and just smiling and bouncing.
And we shoot for the moon every year.
And we we hit the moon every year.
We keep going. Well,
how far can we go? Let's keep going.
And it's because of our community
involvement throughout the year
that the community
also wants to celebrate with us.
So if I have any advice for any parents
out there thinking about getting involved
or not sure on the fence
would be definitely do it.
I got involved with home in school
when my son was in grade one because
he would come home and say, I'd say,
what did you learn today?
He's out, I don't know.
Or he'd go, you go, what's coming up?
And you go, I don't know.
And so I got involved
so that I could learn more.
And I have loved every second of it.
It's, the home and school,
and the school is my own little family,
and I've slowly grew to include
the administrators and the educators
into my own little family.
And the them having that
open line of communication with them.
And they know who my child is,
and they know how my parent,
what my parenting styles are, and they're
comfortable contacting me now and saying,
okay, so here's what's happening
with your child at home, at school.
Here's what we're going to try.
And I'm comfortable going,
okay, I will continue that at home.
So that having that transparency
through the fun
things helps with the transparency
through the education as well.
It's really it's really, really important
that that teachers can't do it alone.
The district can't do it alone.
The communities can't do it alone
and the parents can't do it alone.
It takes a village.
It really does to do anything.
It really, really does take a village.
And so we are that village.
And so when we all come together as one,
we really make
a big impact on everything and ever
anything.
You have to put love into your plans
and you have to put love into your kids
and your community and your school.
And so just ensuring
that we are spreading the love,
and ensuring that the community feels
that as well as our kids,
because they might not be your kids,
but they they still need to feel loved to.